prepare for 2.86 release (#400)
jenkinsci/workflow-cps-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

## Changelog

### 2.86

Release date: 2020-11-18

> * Fix: Replace use of NamedArgsAndClosure as return value for invokeDescribable. ([JENKINS-64185](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-64185))

Reviewer: nit: I think it would be helpful to explicitly mention that this is fixing a regression in version 2.85 related to Declarative Pipelines.

```suggestion
* Fix: Revert changes to usage of `NamedArgsAndClosure` class in version 2.85 that caused various regressions for Declarative Pipelines. ([JENKINS-64185](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-64185))
```
